AevaScenes Dataset License Agreement 

Updated:  July 28, 2025 

Aeva intends to aid in the study, research, and development of uses of data 
generated by Frequency Modulated Continuous Wavelength LiDAR.  Aeva is making 
available for these purposes its own proprietary data gathered from cameras, 
LiDARs, Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) and/or Inertial Measurement 
Units (IMU) using Aeva’s own products (the “AevaScenes Dataset”). The 
AevaScenes Dataset, located at scenes.aeva.com, is made available free of 
charge subject to the terms and conditions of this AevaScenes Dataset License 
Agreement (the “Agreement”). 

By downloading or using the AevaScenes Dataset, You are agreeing to the 
following terms and conditions : 

“Aeva” means Aeva, Inc. 

“Excluded Persons” means any natural person or entity that is currently paid or 
anticipates they will be paid in the next ninety (90) days to enable the 
development, manufacture, sales, or distribution of LiDAR systems for 
commercial use, where such payment may be in salary, equity compensation, 
consulting fees, or other exchange of commercial value. 

“Non-commercial Purposes" means research, teaching, scientific publication and 
personal experimentation. Non-commercial Purposes do not include the sale, or 
other distribution for monetary compensation, of products or services, or the 
acquisition of intellectual property rights for the purpose of licensing or 
enforcement. 

“Resulting Works” means any work of authorship or data collection (gathered or 
otherwise generated), created with the use of the AevaScenes Dataset, including 
any algorithm, model, data outputs, or other software that have trained or been 
derived using the AevaScenes Dataset. 

“You" means the individual or entity exercising the rights granted under this 
Agreement. 

Aeva grants You a non-exclusive, royalty-free, personal license to use, 
reproduce, and modify the AevaScenes Dataset solely for Non-commercial Purposes 
and at all times expressly subject to the following conditions: 

1. Attribution: You must provide the following attribution in any Resulting 
Works: This [type of work, e.g., publication, software, model] was made using 
the AevaScenes Dataset, provided by Aeva, Inc. under the AevaScenes Dataset 
License Agreement, available at https://scenes.aeva.com/license and your access 
and use of such work are governed by the terms and conditions therein. 

2. Sharing: Subject to these Terms, You may share as follows: 

    a. You may publish small extracts of data taken from the AevaScenes Dataset for 
    purposes of illustration in Your research publications. 

    b. You may publish, in whole or in part, Resulting Works, provided that You: 

        i. include a prominent notice to Your users or recipients stating that (1) the 
        Resulting Works are subject to the terms of this Agreement, (2) Aeva and all 
        licensees of the AevaScenes Dataset are third party beneficiaries to any 
        agreement between You and Your users subjecting Your users to these terms, and (
        3) any further use, distribution or modification of such Resulting Works are 
        subject to all of the terms and restrictions of this Agreement, including the 
        restrictions set forth in Section 4 below;      
        
        ii. You must give any third-party recipients of the Resulting Works a copy of this Agreement; and      
        
        iii. You must provide attribution in accordance with Section 1 above. 
 
    c. You may provide Your own copyright statement and add additional terms and 
    conditions for Resulting Works, provided that they do not conflict with the non-
    commercial restrictions of Section 4 and the terms of this Agreement. 

3. Privacy: You may not use the AevaScenes Dataset in any manner that violates 
applicable privacy laws. 

4. Additional Restrictions: You further agree: 
 
    1. You will not use or deploy the AevaScenes Dataset or any Resulting Works (i) 
    for any purpose other than Non-commercial Purposes, or (ii) in operation of a 
    vehicle or device where an individual’s safety could be jeopardized by the 
    failure of the Resulting Works to operate properly or as intended. 
    
    2. You will not prepare, initiate, assert, or otherwise support any claim 
    against Aeva or any authorized licensee of the AevaScenes Dataset for violation 
    of any intellectual property rights you acquire in connection with your 
    creation of Resulting Works. 
    
    3. You will not share download links, API keys, or any portion of the 
    AevaScenes Dataset with any other individual or entity or in any public forum. 
    
    4. Upon use of the AevaScenes DataSet or any Resulting Works in breach of this 
    Agreement, including Section 4(a) above, any rights granted to You under this 
    Agreement or any rights granted to recipients of Resulting Works shall be null 
    and void from the outset and otherwise immediately terminated. 
    
    5. Any download or access by Excluded Persons is prohibited. 
    
    6. Upon any termination of Your rights granted under this Agreement, You and 
    any recipients of Resulting Works will immediately cease use of and delete the 
    AevaScenes DataSet and Resulting Works. 

5. Limited Non-Assert: In consideration for access to the AevaScenes Dataset 
and/or this royalty-free license from Aeva, You (also on behalf of Your 
successors and assignees of any rights protecting Your Resulting Works) (a) 
agree not to prepare, initiate, assert, or otherwise support any claim against 
Aeva or any of its affiliates, successors, or assignees, for infringement, 
misappropriation or other violation of any rights protecting any intellectual 
property rights embodied by Resulting Works, and (b) grant Aeva and the other 
parties in 5(a) above a license to such rights, with such license becoming 
effective only if You breach the obligations of this Section 5 or Section 4(b). 

6. No Endorsement: You may not publicly represent or imply that Aeva is 
participating in, or has sponsored, approved, or endorsed the manner or purpose 
of Your use or reproduction of the AevaScenes Dataset without prior written 
consent from Aeva. Other than complying with your attribution obligations under 
Section 1, You may not use the name, any trademark, or logo of Aeva without 
Aeva's prior written consent. 

7. Indemnification: You will indemnify and hold Aeva harmless from and against 
any and all loss, cost, expense, liability, or damage, including all reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising from (a) Your use or misuse of the 
AevaScenes Dataset; (b) a breach of this Agreement; or (c) infringement by You, 
or any third party using Your account, of any intellectual property or other 
right of any person or entity. Such losses, costs, expenses, damages, or 
liabilities shall include all actual, general, special, and consequential 
damages. 

8. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: YOU AGREE THE AEVASCENES DATASET IS 
PROVIDED “AS-IS," “WHERE IS,” AND WITH ALL FAULTS, WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SAFETY OF THE INTENDED FUNCTION, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL AEVA BE LIABLE UNDER ANY 
LEGAL THEORY WITH RESPECT THE AEVASCENES DATASET AND ANY RESULTING WORKS, OR 
YOUR USE OF THE AEVASCENES DATASET OR ANY RESULTING WORKS, FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR 
LOST PROFITS. 

9. Dispute Resolution: Any disputes arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without 
giving effect to its choice of law principles. You acknowledge and agree that 
any use of the AevaScenes DataSet or Resulting Works in a manner that violates 
this Agreement would cause irreparable harm for which monetary damages would be 
inadequate, and that in such cases Aeva is entitled to seek injunctive or other 
equitable relief without any requirement of posting bond or providing special 
evidence in any court of competent jurisdiction.  Except for the foregoing, any 
legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms will 
be determined by final and binding arbitration administered by JAMS under its 
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The place of arbitration shall 
be San Francisco, California. 

10. Severability: If any provision or part of a provision of this Agreement is 
unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is 
deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and 
enforceability of any remaining provisions. 

11. Amendments: This Agreement may be amended by Aeva from time to at our sole 
discretion. By continuing to use the AevaScenes Dataset subsequent to Aeva 
making available an amended version of this Agreement, You acknowledge, agree 
and consent to such amendment.  Any failure by Aeva to enforce any part of this 
Agreement does not constitute a waiver of any part of this Agreement and does 
not waive Aeva’s right to seek enforcement against any subsequent breach. 

12. Aeva reserves all rights not expressly granted. If you would like a license 
that allows commercial use of the AevaScenes Dataset, or have any other 
questions, please contact research@aeva.ai. 

13. When used in this Agreement, (i) “including” (and any of its derivative 
forms) means “including without limitation,” (ii) “may” means has the right, 
but not the obligation to do something and “may not” means does not have the 
right to do something, (iii) “will” and “shall” are expressions of command, not 
merely expressions of future intent or expectation, and (iv) terms defined in 
the singular include the plural and vice versa.  This Agreement will be 
construed without the aid of any canon or rule of law requiring interpretation 
against the party drafting of an agreement in question. 

14. If the institution You identify at registration or another entity exercises 
the rights granted under this Agreement by virtue of Your download or use of 
the AevaScenes Dataset, You represent and warrant that: (a) You are authorized 
to agree to Agreement on behalf of the entity or (b) You have confirmed that a 
person with authority to agree to this Agreement on behalf of the entity has 
already registered on behalf of the entity.
